if it happens that surprise did not make you here
If I brought you this, do not forget to have
study and I thought I was going to need it
of natives
if you do not have to invent a
excuse to come see me
after everything that happened and I wanted
talk but you escaped but announced
that the studio was going to have its own
you escaped from study and
and lion
so
Even though it hurts, I know it's the best and
I have to forget the lion to
always already what shines
now you realize that
Leon is not the only one who can make you
happy
and hopefully
can you give me the opportunity to demonstrate
that I can take the place that I
he does not want
but I love you that's all for me
and after all the moments that
we pass we feel we deserve a
opportunity
but tell me you can finish
that is, if it were so easy to become a
person
I would choose the day of the carmen alliance
or from the heart and think of a person
like you sweet good sincere then
but unfortunately I can not
I can not go and I really appreciate it coming
after all you saw me this
that is , being is like that with me but
our half is valued and not
I want to give it but I do not want either
lose you then we see what we have to
knicks
You were always on my side
supporting me
and I will be close to you but not
I can see you with eyes other than
as mine
for me
promise me you're going to be fine
t
I promise
ah